Migrate apps troubleshooting to new guides (#1721)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/troubleshooting/store-performance/my-routes-are-not-behaving-as-expected.md

---
title: "My routes are not behaving as expected"
slug: "my-routes-are-not-behaving-as-expected"
excerpt: "Troubleshooting steps for issues with routes."
hidden: false
createdAt: "2025-01-30T14:25:00.00Z"
updatedAt: "2025-01-30T14:25:00.00Z"
tags:
    - routes
    - redirects
---

**Keywords:** Routes | Redirects | GraphiQL

> My redirect path doesn't work.
> 
> If your routes are not behaving as expected, follow these troubleshooting steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If your store redirect path doesn't work and the routes are not behaving as expected, follow these troubleshooting steps.
```

Reviewer: Só para adicionar uma introdução.
